We received a report from San Francisco, California in the United States, where publishers have been engaged in special Metropolitan Witnessing since 2013.
It's helping our brothers reach multiple language groups, start Bible studies, and make disciples.
When I'm rolling the cards down to get ready for the work, I can feel people's eyes on me, and it makes me feel proud that I'm representing Jehovah even before I get to the location.
We have a chance to use our Bibles very regularly.
We talk to honest-hearted people who are interested in really learning what the Bible teaches.
Jehovah is reaching people in those far-to-reach areas where it could mean their life to even talk about things such as the Bible.
You're part of the Metropolitan work. You get to welcome people being drawn by Jehovah.
We see thousands of people every day who walk by our hearts.
While we're placing literature in up to 40 different languages each week, what's really exciting is to see how many conversations we're studying and how many Bible studies were initiated.
We're visible to a lot of people in the community, especially those who were inactive or maybe were raised around the truth.
Jehovah's arranged to have his people put right in the center of everything, and we're able to meet people from all over the world.
I met people from Peru, South Africa, Japan, Germany, England, France, Italy, Cameroon, Congo, Boku.
It's sure that greeting will be something like Makadi, Monon Zani, Chinese New Yorker, Zakawanda, Zamanga, Ferreira, Kuvera, and Gapano.
It's not terrible from so-called Bible.
It means, which means, would you like to study the Bible?
Which means, would you like to study the Bible in sign language?
So when I asked her if she'd seen the sign language Bible, she shook her head no, and I showed her act 1727.
And as soon as it was done, she started signing. I understood that.
And then she said, didn't she say this was a free act? So right then, she started downloading it on her phone.
We had a gentleman come up and wanted to first sit, he said debate, and then he said, just discuss.
But as he's talking with us, he had to catch his train, but he missed three trains, because he wanted to continue the conversation and speak with us.
It was a really good experience because we just get to talk to people and let them see a different side of us.
It's not necessarily about whether we place a book with him or not.
And in the end, he turned to my husband and I, and said, you know, you're really good ambassadors.
We start Bible studies here every day, and these studies are conducted globally.
I met Alfredo in 2014, right before the memorial. He approached the cart.
He had a rough life. He was doing a lot of bad things. And so, he felt that he couldn't overcome them.
So I told him that no matter how big his problems are, they're not too big for Jehovah.
And so, I encouraged him to start studying the Bible again.
Come now and let us sit matter straight between us.
Since Jehovah, though your sins are like scarlet, they will be made as white as snow.
When Jehovah forgives you, he forgives you completely.
I got baptized, and in the same month, I started auxiliary pioneering.
It is such a privilege to be one of Jehovah's Witnesses with brothers all around the world.
If anybody is hesitant to take part in a special metropolitan witnessing work,
maybe you're worried about finances.
Time. Are you just afraid that it's something different? You won't know what to do.
Please don't let any of those things stop you.
It's from Jehovah. Grab, hold a bit, tight, don't let go.
Each month, the brothers and sisters in San Francisco's metropolitan witnessing distribute over 5,000 publications
and start an average of 185 Bible studies.
After some initial concern from local authorities over having literature cards at the Golden Gate Bridge,
authorities have expressed appreciation for our brothers being there with a Bible's message of hope.
It's been requested that we always have on hand the April 2014 awake with the cover title, Why Go On?
Three reasons to keep living.
One afternoon, an officer approached a card and said, Well, your magazine worked.
The police had just helped a young woman who was thinking of jumping from the bridge.
When they reached her, she had the weak issue in her hand and had decided not to jump.
Life in this system can be difficult for everyone.
But our witnessing work comforts people and teaches them to know and thank their creator for life.